hi guys Steve from CCL today we're gonna
be taking a look at be quite spun line
up we're going to take a look at their
entry-level their premium and that
high-end fund it's a common
misconception that the only real
difference in fans is the actual spin
speed and the size of the fan well as we
look through the different range that be
quiet offers we see that there's
different technologies and design tools
used when actually developing the
product so we're going to take a look at
the silent wings peel which is our
entry-level got these shadow wings which
is their premium and then going to take
a look at their silent wings too which
is that high-end one so we'll start with
these silent wings appear which like I
say this is our entry-level so is a
fairly standard case fan so we've got
one two three four five we've got five
of these standard self-tapping heavily
course unscrews there to got five just
in case you lose one and the actual
phone itself we can see there's no cable
sleeving on there but like I say with it
being an entry-level family orientated
towards being the best value for money
whilst not compromising on silence or
performance so we can see it's a
standard fun house in there less typical
what we're seeing a lot of kiss fans and
then obviously we've got the be quiet
funds and the actual grooving on the fan
blades either be quiet form which helps
reduce at all air flawed nice as well
now the interesting thing about this is
even though it's one of their low in
front it does still have a rifle barrel
in there which means that the actual
chef for the fun roar into the bearing
is it's got grooves in it like rifling
down a barrel and what that does is that
helps circulate the lubricant so that
when you mount the fan either in the
back of the case like that hole like
that the actual shaft isn't isn't gain
any spots where there's no lubricant
which will give you obviously noise from
the rotation of the fun that so the
rightfully helps keep the lubricant
moving about and it keeps the fan quite
as well so that's it for these silent
wings pure like I said they're in chula
but if we then take a look at the shadow
wings first of all looking at the back
of the box it could obviously it's much
much more detailed packaging than the
entry-level fat and that little gray
strip that tells us that premium range
one so i could have a look at what we
actually get with this one
you can see they're slightly better
presented and then on the rear you've
got a little user manual drawing that so
first of all let's see if it comes with
any accessories and she does we have our
this time we have a different method of
mounting we've got some little push pins
they're so little plastic pins their
that push through and help give it also
got some rubber washers so obviously
that helps reduce the actual vibration
into the case and keep the fan quiet so
we've got a silent mounting option there
we also have a molex to 7 volt fan
adapter so there's actually an inline
resistor in there I think so it would be
a resistor in here that helps slow it
down a little bit and keep the fan
running a little bit slower than normal
so about that we also have so again as
we get the fun other box the first thing
you notice is so an old black cable less
a little bit stealthier and the actual
mechanism and housing for the fan is
completely different this time it's a
custom one it's not a standard standard
on that we used to see it and we also
notice it round here we have be quiet
rubber mounting strips all the way
around the front and back of the fan so
when you mount this TKS there's no hard
plastic touch any case you've got be
quiet rub the fish you there touching
the kiss so again we've got there
grooved fan blades to help reduce fun
noise again with this one it's a rifle
bear and I think it's a slightly higher
quality one I think it might be a copper
shaft in this we can call me Alexa no
Tyler Shaw we've got the standard fan
blades and then as we look round here
we've also got these rubber mounts which
I don't believe are removable not that
fixed in that you do have these rubber
mounts which when using the push pins
you can now the fam virtually
vibration-free keeping it nice and quiet
so we've got like that I sit for the
shutter wings Pakistan side and now we
have the pinnacle fan which is the
silent wings too so again much much more
well presented their battle a doubt box
obviously gives us a little blurb about
the bearing type and this now this one
is actually a liquid berry so around the
actual shaft there is a film of liquid
and when the fun starts spinning
centrifugal force spreads out liquid out
sous-chef perfectly balanced in the
middle give you optimum performance and
silence it also reduces friction which
helps increase the lifespan of the
actual fan so if you check this one out
so the first thing we've got are these
different mounting options so we have
this mounting option here which is for
their silent pushpin option so you can
put the little push pins and that but if
you if you're traveling around we kiss
and you would that these mine actually
hold up do up these fittings instead put
one out there we've got these fins
instead which we you can use the
standard Crossrail your screws for now
these actual fittings don't come pre
fitting into the fan so you notice a
similar fun design to the shuttle wings
except we can actually add and remove
the different ones that we want here so
if you want it to say for example mount
this to a radiator or you wanted to make
one half to kiss an amount aradia to the
other side or you can actually do is fit
two of these face in one direction so
one in each corner and then on the other
one let's just pop that in there left no
try that one again
there we go so you come out one facing
that way and then you can use the
standard cross threaded screws that we
saw earlier so these ones to melt into
the bakkie case and then you can fit the
other ones and you can mount it to a
radiator or anything that you desire so
again like I said this time we've got a
braided cable on this now if you noticed
in the other videos like so for example
when I did the shadow rock no lead a
croc pro you'll notice that this fun was
also featured in their slightly
different design same technology and the
fan cable was significantly sure on this
so like I said be quiet do Taylor all
their funds to the different
applications that's the actual fan that
we've got that and here we have the
silent mounting option for that one one
of those fittings we also have another
five screws we get 50 for these 1 2 3 4
5 you get five of those as well so be
quiet always giving you an extra spare
or the interesting one with this is we
get a molex to 2pm fun adapter but we've
got variable voltages so we've got a 5
volt one there we've got 7 volt on there
and a 12 volt on there so if you want to
vary the actual fan speed on this one
and you can do that by connecting it to
these different ones which have
different resistance which give you
slower or faster fun have fun spin in
speeds then got our little lingual
instructions so that's obviously with a
different moment options obviously
through using the pushpin fittings etc
and how are you going to man that but
like I say with a different range of the
be quiet fans you do go from different
features two different benefits two
different technologies on each and every
one and each fan has an incredible life
span on it I think the silent wings pure
features of 200,000 our lifespan yet
200,000 hours and shadow wings features
200,000 hours as well it's like I say
it's a rifle bear in technology in there
and then these silent wings to 300,000
hours so you can see that going from a
rifle bearing as opposed to a standard
berry and then go into liquid bearing
you do get a significant increase in the
life span you fan so it's not just a fan
it's an investment if you were like I
say on the silent wings as well we've
got the rubber interface so this is
never actually just plastic on your case
it's got a little rubber dampen in there
to reduce any vibration
nice so all of these funds are set up on
our website they are available now this
should be in stock i'll post a link in
the description below to each one and if
you could like comment and subscribe my
name is Steve thanks for watching